S1E1: Rick takes Morty on a trip to another dimension to find seeds for "mega-trees," while Jerry and Beth argue over Rick's influence on their son.
S1E2: Rick creates a device to make family dog Snuffles smarter, but it goes poorly. Rick and Morty invade the dreams of Morty's math teacher.
S1E3: Morty ends up at a bizarre theme park of infectious diseases located inside of a homeless man. Jerry's parents introduce their new mutual lover.
S1E4: Aliens send Rick, Morty and Jerry into an alternate reality, and Rick tries to get them out as oblivious Jerry pitches a marketing slogan for apples.
S1E5: Morty has grown weary of Rick's shenanigans, so he leads a supposedly safer adventure. Jerry conjures weird creatures to help him with his golf game.
S1E6: A potion designed to make Morty attractive to one girl goes viral and infects all of Earth, so Rick has to clean up the mess by creating another mess.
S1E7: After Morty fathers a child with a sex robot, Rick and Summer visit the robot's planet, where the kid grows into an adult within days.
S1E8: Unimpressed with what's on TV, Rick installs cable that gets shows from other dimensions. Everyone uses special goggles to see their alternate selves.
S1E9: Rick is skeptical of Summer's new job at a shop run by the devil. Jerry and Morty argue about Pluto's status as a planet and end up traveling there.
S1E10: Rick's just trying to enjoy a nice breakfast, but he's kidnapped by a group of alternate Ricks and taken to stand trial for crimes against Ricks.
S1E1: When Jerry and Beth go away to take part in a re-creation of the sinking of the Titanic, Rick and Summer throw a party that gets out of control.

S2E1: Rick unfreezes time, but since he, Morty and Summer have been living for so long on frozen time, a parallel dimension develops.
S2E2: After Rick sells a gun to an alien assassin so he can afford an afternoon at a video arcade, Morty tries to stop the assassin.
S2E3: Rick, Morty and Summer stumble on a hive mind named Unity that Rick used to date. Summer objects to Unity's control over an alien planet's population.
S2E4: The family battles a parasite that implants fake memories into their heads, which leads them to wonder if their friend Mr. Poopybutthole is real.
S2E5: When an alien entity appears with musical demands, Rick and Morty call on Ice-T to help them write a tune for an intergalactic song competition.
S2E6: When Rick's car breaks down, he and Morty go inside its battery. Morty discovers that Rick has created a miniature universe inside the battery.
S2E7: Summer asks Rick to transport his mind into a teenager to shield her from vampires at school. Beth and Jerry go to "off-planet" marriage counseling.
S2E8: Jerry is rushed to an alien hospital when he eats ice cream Rick was using to develop a dangerous bacteria. Rick rigs the hospital cable box.
S2E9: Rick and Morty land on a planet where all the citizens are allowed to commit crimes -- including murder -- without punishment for one night.
S2E10: When Jerry accidentally gets transported to the planet hosting Birdperson and Tammy's wedding, the whole family attends the ill-fated ceremony.

S3E1: Summer and Morty travel interdimensionally to locate Rick and find a bunch of Ricks. Rick craves a very specific chicken nugget dipping sauce.
S3E2: With things in turmoil at home, Rick, Morty and Summer travel to a post-apocalyptic world to (rather violently) work out some personal issues.
S3E3: Rick turns himself into a pickle while the rest of the family goes to therapy. Now Rick has to figure out how to stop being a pickle.
S3E4: While ostensibly helping a group of superheroes called the Vindicators, Rick instead drunkenly sets up a "Saw"-like scenario for them to navigate.
S3E5: Rick and Jerry go to a resort where dying is impossible, but a creature wants to kill Rick anyway. Summer's attempt to enlarge her breasts goes awry.
S3E6: After another exhausting adventure, Rick and Morty decide they need a vacation. But things go a little haywire when they try a special detox machine.
S3E7: Rick and Morty encounter a visiting Rick and Morty from the Citadel of Ricks before heading off on an amazing adventure to Atlantis.
S3E8: Rick shows Morty a room filled with memories Morty begged him to remove from his mind, and things go off the rails when Rick starts restoring them.
S3E9: Rick and Beth sort out issues from her childhood by visiting a world called Froopy Land. Morty and Summer are a little wary of Jerry's new girlfriend.
S3E10: The president needs help from Rick and Morty, prompting a bit of a confrontation. Beth begins to suspect that she may be a clone.
